Partner: Allison Gruninger

1. Rate yourself and your partner or partners on the following criteria. Apply each criterion to each of your partners individually. Answer on a scale of 1 to 5 where 1 = strongly disagree, 3 = indifferent, 5 = strongly agree.
	This team member made a sincere effort (to the best that you can tell) to figure out the design and testing so as to be able to contribute to the team effort.
	Allison = 5		Kyle = 5
	This team member was respectful and considerate of other team members.
	Allison = 5		Kyle = 5
	This team member fulfilled all promised or commitments to team members including those listed in ground rules 1-5.
	Allison = 5		Kyle = 5
	You were able to achieve or learn more with this partner than you would have without.
	Allison = 5		Kyle = 5


2. Describe briefly the contribution of each team member.
	Kyle: I helped explain how the opcodes work in the controller. Addionally, I helped explain a couple caveats with hooking up modules, specifically issues with calling module parameters. 

	Allison: She helped explain the general state diagram flow of the controller. It was very useful to know when wait states were needed that weren't immediately obvious. Additionally, she helped with the magnitude counter logic.



3. How many times did you and your team-mate(s) meet? How frequently did you e-mail or instant message your team-mate(s)?
	We met 4 times - We decided to always meet in person to easily colloborate. We met Thursday, Sunday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. Altogether we had a fairly good understanding of the lab and were able to ask questions of each other when needed.

4. What did you contribute to the team effort?
	As mentioned above I was able to mention how the opcodes worked like the simple computer of 270. This was useful in implementing the actual output logic based off of the controller states.


5. What did each of your collaborators contribute? If you learned something useful from this person, what was it?
	Nick Fonseca was very useful in explaining how the filter worked on the image and how it detected edges.

6. Whose testbench code (viewed on Piazza) significantly helped you? How?
	Alex Marcellus' test bench was specifically useful. It showed that my one_k_value wasn't properly asserted after running for 1000samples. Additionally, it was a very robust test.


Thought Questions: View Lab5.txt
